README.md, before:

# AGB Cookbook
Guides and examples for building with [AGB-SDK](https://github.com/agbcloud/agbcloud-sdk)

## Examples
#### Hello world
- [python](https://github.com/agbcloud/cookbook/tree/main/examples/hello-world-python) - Create a session, run code, execute commands, and read/write files with AGB-SDK.

#### Browser use
- [python](https://github.com/agbcloud/cookbook/tree/main/examples/browser-use-quick-start) - Start a browser-enabled session and automate a page with Playwright via CDP.

#### Connect to LLM Providers
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Provider</th>
      <th>Model</th>
      <th>Description</th>
      <th>Python</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan="1">OpenAI</td>
      <td>GPT-4o</td>
      <td>Upload dataset and create visualization</td>
      <td><a href="https://github.com/agbcloud/cookbook/tree/main/examples/data-visualization-with-openai">Python</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

#### Integration with AI frameworks 
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Framework</th>
      <th>Description</th>
      <th>Python</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan="1">LangChain</td>
      <td>LangChain with Code Interpreter</td>
      <td><a href="https://github.com/agbcloud/cookbook/tree/main/examples/langchain-python">Python</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan="1">LangGraph</td>
      <td>LangGraph with Code Interpreter</td>
      <td><a href="https://github.com/agbcloud/cookbook/tree/main/examples/langgraph-python">Python</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

Commit message:

add computer use quick start example

README.md, after:

# AGB Cookbook
Guides and examples for building with [AGB-SDK](https://github.com/agbcloud/agbcloud-sdk)

## Examples
#### Hello world
- [python](https://github.com/agbcloud/cookbook/tree/main/examples/hello-world-python) - Create a session, run code, execute commands, and read/write files with AGB-SDK.

#### Browser use
- [python](https://github.com/agbcloud/cookbook/tree/main/examples/browser-use-quick-start) - Start a browser-enabled session and automate a page with Playwright via CDP.

#### Computer use
- [python](https://github.com/agbcloud/cookbook/tree/main/examples/computer-use-quick-start) - Start a computer-enabled session, click and type on the screen, and capture a screenshot.

#### Connect to LLM Providers
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Provider</th>
      <th>Model</th>
      <th>Description</th>
      <th>Python</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan="1">OpenAI</td>
      <td>GPT-4o</td>
      <td>Upload dataset and create visualization</td>
      <td><a href="https://github.com/agbcloud/cookbook/tree/main/examples/data-visualization-with-openai">Python</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

#### Integration with AI frameworks 
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Framework</th>
      <th>Description</th>
      <th>Python</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan="1">LangChain</td>
      <td>LangChain with Code Interpreter</td>
      <td><a href="https://github.com/agbcloud/cookbook/tree/main/examples/langchain-python">Python</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan="1">LangGraph</td>
      <td>LangGraph with Code Interpreter</td>
      <td><a href="https://github.com/agbcloud/cookbook/tree/main/examples/langgraph-python">Python</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
